block.minecraft.air=Air
block.minecraft.barrier=Barrier
block.minecraft.light=Light
block.minecraft.bedrock=Bedrock
block.minecraft.water=Water
block.minecraft.lava=Lava
block.minecraft.kelp_plant=Kelp Plant
block.minecraft.tall_seagrass=Tall Seagrass
block.minecraft.petrified_oak_slab=Petrified Oak Slab
block.minecraft.wall_torch=Wall Torch
block.minecraft.soul_wall_torch=Soul Wall Torch
block.minecraft.fire=Fire
block.minecraft.spawner=Spawner
block.minecraft.redstone_wire=Redstone Wire
block.minecraft.wheat=Wheat Crops
block.minecraft.farmland=Farmland
block.minecraft.oak_wall_sign=Oak Wall Sign
block.minecraft.spruce_wall_sign=Spruce Wall Sign
block.minecraft.birch_wall_sign=Birch Wall Sign
block.minecraft.acacia_wall_sign=Acacia Wall Sign
block.minecraft.jungle_wall_sign=Jungle Wall Sign
block.minecraft.dark_oak_wall_sign=Dark Oak Wall Sign
block.minecraft.redstone_wall_torch=Redstone Wall Torch
block.minecraft.frosted_ice=Frosted Ice
block.minecraft.pumpkin_stem=Pumpkin Stem
block.minecraft.attached_pumpkin_stem=Attached Pumpkin 
block.minecraft.melon_stem=Melon Stem
block.minecraft.nether_portal=Nether Portal
block.minecraft.bed.occupied=This bed is occupied
block.minecraft.bed.obstructed=This bed is obstructed
block.minecraft.bed.no_sleep=You can sleep only at night or during thunderstorms
block.minecraft.bed.too_far_away=You may not rest now; the bed is too far away
block.minecraft.bed.not_safe=You may not rest now; there are monsters nearby
block.minecraft.spawn.not_valid=You have no home bed or charged respawn anchor, or it was obstructed
block.minecraft.set_spawn=Respawn point set
block.minecraft.infested_stone=Infested Stone
block.minecraft.infested_cobblestone=Infested Cobblestone
block.minecraft.infested_stone_bricks=Infested Stone Bricks
block.minecraft.infested_mossy_stone_bricks=Infested Mossy Stone Bricks
block.minecraft.infested_cracked_stone_bricks=Infested Cracked Stone Bricks
block.minecraft.infested_chiseled_stone_bricks=Infested Chiseled Stone Bricks
block.minecraft.weeping_vines_plant=Weeping Vines Plant
block.minecraft.twisting_vines_plant=Twisting Vines Plant
block.minecraft.warped_wall_sign=Warped Wall Sign
block.minecraft.crimson_wall_sign=Crimson Wall Sign
block.minecraft.soul_fire=Soul Fire
block.minecraft.water_cauldron=Water Cauldron
block.minecraft.lava_cauldron=Lava Cauldron
block.minecraft.powder_snow_cauldron=Powder Snow Cauldron
block.minecraft.end_portal_frame=End Portal Frame
block.minecraft.cocoa=Cocoa
block.minecraft.tripwire=Tripwire
block.minecraft.command_block=Command Block
block.minecraft.repeating_command_block=Repeating Command Block
block.minecraft.chain_command_block=Chain Command Block
block.minecraft.beacon.primary=Primary Power
block.minecraft.beacon.secondary=Secondary Power
block.minecraft.carrots=Carrots
block.minecraft.potatoes=Potatoes
block.minecraft.chorus_plant=Chorus Plant
block.minecraft.beetroots=Beetroots
block.minecraft.dirt_path=Dirt Path
block.minecraft.piston_head=Piston Head
block.minecraft.moving_piston=Moving Piston
block.minecraft.attached_melon_stem=Attached Melon Stem
block.minecraft.end_portal=End Portal
block.minecraft.potted_oak_sapling=Potted Oak Sapling
block.minecraft.potted_spruce_sapling=Potted Spruce Sapling
block.minecraft.potted_birch_sapling=Potted Birch Sapling
block.minecraft.potted_jungle_sapling=Potted Jungle Sapling
block.minecraft.potted_acacia_sapling=Potted Acacia Sapling
block.minecraft.potted_dark_oak_sapling=Potted Dark Oak Sapling
block.minecraft.potted_fern=Potted Fern
block.minecraft.potted_dandelion=Potted Dandelion
block.minecraft.potted_poppy=Potted Poppy
block.minecraft.potted_blue_orchid=Potted Blue Orchid
block.minecraft.potted_allium=Potted Allium
block.minecraft.potted_azure_bluet=Potted Azure Bluet
block.minecraft.potted_red_tulip=Potted Red Tulip
block.minecraft.potted_orange_tulip=Potted Orange Tulip
block.minecraft.potted_white_tulip=Potted White Tulip
block.minecraft.potted_pink_tulip=Potted Pink Tulip
block.minecraft.potted_oxeye_daisy=Potted Oxeye Daisy
block.minecraft.potted_cornflower=Potted Cornflower
block.minecraft.potted_lily_of_the_valley=Potted Lily of the Valley
block.minecraft.potted_wither_rose=Potted Wither Rose
block.minecraft.potted_red_mushroom=Potted Red Mushroom
block.minecraft.potted_brown_mushroom=Potted Brown Mushroom
block.minecraft.potted_dead_bush=Potted Dead Bush
block.minecraft.potted_cactus=Potted Cactus
block.minecraft.potted_bamboo=Potted Bamboo
block.minecraft.potted_crimson_fungus=Potted Crimson Fungus
block.minecraft.potted_warped_fungus=Potted Warped Fungus
block.minecraft.potted_crimson_roots=Potted Crimson Roots
block.minecraft.potted_warped_roots=Potted Warped Roots
block.minecraft.potted_azalea_bush=Potted Azalea
block.minecraft.potted_flowering_azalea_bush=Potted Flowering Azalea
block.minecraft.skeleton_wall_skull=Skeleton Wall Skull
block.minecraft.wither_skeleton_wall_skull=Wither Skeleton Wall Skull
block.minecraft.zombie_wall_head=Zombie Wall Head
block.minecraft.player_wall_head=Player Wall Head
block.minecraft.player_head=Player Head
block.minecraft.player_head.named=%s's Head
block.minecraft.creeper_wall_head=Creeper Wall Head
block.minecraft.dragon_wall_head=Dragon Wall Head
block.minecraft.end_gateway=End Gateway
block.minecraft.structure_void=Structure Void
block.minecraft.structure_block=Structure Block
block.minecraft.void_air=Void Air
block.minecraft.cave_air=Cave Air
block.minecraft.bubble_column=Bubble Column
block.minecraft.tube_coral_wall_fan=Tube Coral Wall Fan
block.minecraft.brain_coral_wall_fan=Brain Coral Wall Fan
block.minecraft.bubble_coral_wall_fan=Bubble Coral Wall Fan
block.minecraft.fire_coral_wall_fan=Fire Coral Wall Fan
block.minecraft.horn_coral_wall_fan=Horn Coral Wall Fan
block.minecraft.dead_tube_coral_wall_fan=Dead Tube Coral Wall Fan
block.minecraft.dead_brain_coral_wall_fan=Dead Brain Coral Wall Fan
block.minecraft.dead_bubble_coral_wall_fan=Dead Bubble Coral Wall Fan
block.minecraft.dead_fire_coral_wall_fan=Dead Fire Coral Wall Fan
block.minecraft.dead_horn_coral_wall_fan=Dead Horn Coral Wall Fan
block.minecraft.bamboo_sapling=Bamboo Shoot
block.minecraft.jigsaw=Jigsaw Block
block.minecraft.ominous_banner=Ominous Banner
block.minecraft.sweet_berry_bush=Sweet Berry Bush
block.minecraft.candle_cake=Cake with Candle
block.minecraft.white_candle_cake=Cake with White Candle
block.minecraft.orange_candle_cake=Cake with Orange Candle
block.minecraft.magenta_candle_cake=Cake with Magenta Candle
block.minecraft.light_blue_candle_cake=Cake with Light Blue Candle
block.minecraft.yellow_candle_cake=Cake with Yellow Candle
block.minecraft.lime_candle_cake=Cake with Lime Candle
block.minecraft.pink_candle_cake=Cake with Pink Candle
block.minecraft.gray_candle_cake=Cake with Gray Candle
block.minecraft.light_gray_candle_cake=Cake with Light Gray Candle
block.minecraft.cyan_candle_cake=Cake with Cyan Candle
block.minecraft.purple_candle_cake=Cake with Purple Candle
block.minecraft.blue_candle_cake=Cake with Blue Candle
block.minecraft.brown_candle_cake=Cake with Brown Candle
block.minecraft.green_candle_cake=Cake with Green Candle
block.minecraft.red_candle_cake=Cake with Red Candle
block.minecraft.black_candle_cake=Cake with Black Candle
block.minecraft.budding_amethyst=Budding Amethyst
block.minecraft.cave_vines=Cave Vines
block.minecraft.cave_vines_plant=Cave Vines Plant
block.minecraft.big_dripleaf_stem=Big Dripleaf Stem
block.minecraft.sculk_sensor=Sculk Sensor
block.minecraft.infested_deepslate=Infested Deepslate
item.minecraft.bundle=Bundle
item.minecraft.bundle.fullness=%s/%s
item.minecraft.command_block_minecart=Minecart with Command Block
item.minecraft.brewing_stand=Brewing Stand
item.minecraft.firework_rocket.flight=Flight Duration:
item.minecraft.firework_star.black=Black
item.minecraft.firework_star.red=Red
item.minecraft.firework_star.green=Green
item.minecraft.firework_star.brown=Brown
item.minecraft.firework_star.blue=Blue
item.minecraft.firework_star.purple=Purple
item.minecraft.firework_star.cyan=Cyan
item.minecraft.firework_star.light_gray=Light Gray
item.minecraft.firework_star.gray=Gray
item.minecraft.firework_star.pink=Pink
item.minecraft.firework_star.lime=Lime
item.minecraft.firework_star.yellow=Yellow
item.minecraft.firework_star.light_blue=Light Blue
item.minecraft.firework_star.magenta=Magenta
item.minecraft.firework_star.orange=Orange
item.minecraft.firework_star.white=White
item.minecraft.firework_star.custom_color=Custom
item.minecraft.firework_star.fade_to=Fade to
item.minecraft.firework_star.flicker=Twinkle
item.minecraft.firework_star.trail=Trail
item.minecraft.firework_star.shape.small_ball=Small Ball
item.minecraft.firework_star.shape.large_ball=Large Ball
item.minecraft.firework_star.shape.star=Star-shaped
item.minecraft.firework_star.shape.creeper=Creeper-shaped
item.minecraft.firework_star.shape.burst=Burst
item.minecraft.firework_star.shape=Unknown Shape
item.minecraft.knowledge_book=Knowledge Book
item.minecraft.debug_stick=Debug Stick
item.minecraft.debug_stick.empty=%s has no properties
item.minecraft.debug_stick.update=\
item.minecraft.debug_stick.select=selected \
item.minecraft.crossbow.projectile=Projectile:
